[ann] We are now in the last
minutes of the match.
And Team Musashi is
winning by a single goal.
Can Team Nankatsu
tie the match
before the second half
is over?
You can cut the tension
with a knife.
The prince, Jun Misugi,
is holding himself
up against the goalpost.
He's not leaving anything
up to chance.
With two minutes
on the clock,
no one knows what
exactly will happen.
-[whistle]
-[narr] Episode 22:
Additional Time of Destiny.
You're going to lose,
Musashi.
Ha!
That was a good one.
[ann] Team Nankatsu
switches to offense.
They're trying to find
an opening
to squeeze through
the airtight defense
from Musashi,
but they don't plan on
letting them pass.
They're counting on
keeping the scoreboard as is
no matter what happens.
Minoru and Shinji,
I want you both to cover
Tsubasa no matter what.
-[gasp]
-Team Nankatsu
depends solely on Tsubasa
to score their goals.
Forget about the ball.
I want you to cover Tsubasa.
Don't lose sight of him.
-Yeah!
What? No!
Hey, what's wrong with
all of you?
It's obvious that
they'd cover Tsubasa.
What'd you think
would happen?
Our team isn't
just about him.
It's about all of us.
Nankatsu is
an eleven man team.
This is our moment.
Show them what makes
Nankatsu an incredible team.
You're right, Captain.
-Mhm.
-Of course.
Now you'll see first hand
Shutetsu's quartet's power.
-Yeah!
Akira, Hiroshi,
cover them two now.
What?
Uh...
They're not open.
Listen up, he's planning on
passing right.
-Kazuya get on him now.
-Yeah!
[gasps]
[ann] And Musashi
strangles the offense.
Number 9 can't seem
to pass the ball.
[Tsubasa]
This can't be happening.
Misugi is anticipating
all of our movements.
[chuckle]
[ann] It's as if we were
spectating a chess match.
Prince Misugi
is moving his pieces
as if he were a computer,
managing a perfect defense.
[Fukuyama] Good.
This match is ours now.
[ann] Team Nankatsu
is in a bind.
They have no way to
close the gap with the goal
and time's still
ticking away.
There's less than
one minute.
Nankatsu already lost
their momentum.
Listen up, go and get
the ball from them.
If we manage
to get it back now,
they won't have any means
of attacking.
Yes, Captain!
[ann] Now Musashi
is the one's
pressuring Nankatsu
to get the ball.
But Team Nankatsu
is doing their best
to keep control of it on
their side, no matter what.
This can't happen...
The match is gonna be over.
We got to do something.
-It's mine.
-[gasp]
-[ann] What's happening?
-Whoa!
Nankatsu gets distracted
and loses the ball.
Now Team Musashi has it.
Team Musashi my foot.
[grunts]
[ann]
But Ryo Ishizaki appears
and gets the ball back
with a great slide tackle.
You go, Ryo.
What a great job!
Everybody, run to the goal.
[ann] It looks like
this will be the last play
from Nankatsu.
But Tsubasa
is totally covered
and he can't even move.
You can do it.
There's no time left.
Why don't you
stop covering my Tsubasa?
[ann] Hajime Taki
is ready to shoot and...
[growling]
-[grunt]
-[ann] He can't shoot
and passes it
to Taro Misaki.
He looks very worried.
[Taro] No, this can't be
the end of us.
We made a promise to get to
- the finals together,
-[gasp]
and I'm going to keep it!
What's he trying to do?
[ann] Team Nankatsu
hasn't thrown in towel yet,
and Taro Misaki is running
with great speed
to the goal.
Will he try and
challenge Misugi?
Listen up,
don't you let Misaki
get anywhere near
the danger zone.
Go and get the ball
from him.
We can't let him shoot.
We won't let him shoot,
Captain.
You won't
get through us so easily.
No chance. Even if I got
their attention,
they haven't stopped
covering Tsubasa.
[pants]
What can I do?
Taro!
What're you thinking about?
Shoot the ball.
Genzo.
You can do it, Taro.
Forget about me and shoot.
-Kick the ball.
-[panting]
Okay, it's now or never.
[grunt]
He won't kick to the left
with me being here.
Tatsuya you go
and get the right.
Yes!
[reac]
[ann] Taro Misaki shoots
with all of his strength
to the left side
of the goal.
[yell]
[ann] Um, uh...
But the goalie deflects it!
- Will this be the end
-[gasps]
for team Nankatsu?
Not yet it won't!
The match isn't over
until it's over.
I'm going to
keep on playing
and I'll give it my all
until the end.
Tsubasa!
[ann] Tsubasa gets
the ball back.
Nankatsu has
- one last opportunity.
-[gasp]
Tsubasa could definitely
score from that distance.
Don't let him shoot.
You have to stop him!
If you cover him well,
he won't have a way.
-Yeah.
No.
[ann] Incredible,
Tsubasa is totally covered
with four players
surrounding him.
It's impossible for him
to try to shoot the ball.
The referee
looks at his watch.
[grunt]
Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
What're you waiting for?
Get the ball from him.
I can't.
I can't give up now.
Especially now.
There has to be a way.
There must be a way.
But how?
Huh?
[gasp]
I know how to break through
your defense, Musashi.
By flying!
-What's happe--?
-[ann] Wow,
- Tsubasa wakes up
-What?!
and raises the ball
high into the sky.
[yell]
-[gasp]
-What's he--?
[ann] Tsubasa is
suspended in midair.
[yell]
[ann]
There it is!
Tsubasa flies
and uses his trademark
overhead kick
as his last resort.
Tsu... Tsubasa...
You really are incredible.
You got rid of
my perfect defense.
But even then...
you didn't have a good
angle to shoot from.
You wasted
your last opportunity
because the ball is
now mine.
[grunt]
[gasp]
What a goal!
What an amazing goal!
[ann] Just when
we all thought that
Nankatsu would lose,
Taro Misaki appears with
an amazing diving header.
Team Nankatsu gets to
tie the scoreboard
at the last
possible moment.
Yeah, I did it!
[ann] Misaki
must be really happy
about the goal
that tied the match.
And surely his team is
feeling the relief as well.
Taro, thank you so much.
I always knew that
you could do it.
-[laughing]
-Yeah, good job!
-Mhm.
-Yeah!
Tsubasa...
and Taro.
It was an excellent header.
You were amazing, Taro.
Yeah, you go team!
No...
No, damn it.
We were so close
to winning.
-It's just not fair.
-[sobbing]
They had me fooled.
Misaki was the key player
this whole time.
The overhead kick
that Tsubasa shot
wasn't him
trying to score...
It was a direct pass
towards Misaki.
In the end, it was my fault
for not noticing.
I still have a lot to learn.
Soccer is an extraordinary
sport.
[ann] Now that both teams
have tied the scoreboard,
the referee will resume
the match once again.
And Musashi will
- prepare to attack.
-[whistle]
[panting]
[Minoru]
We have to win this...
[Hanji]
...no matter what happens.
[Tsubasa]
This is our time.
We can't let our tiredness
get the best of us.
We have to give it
everything.
Putting our hearts
on the field,
until the very last second.
Tsubasa!
[grunting]
[ann]
Tsubasa takes possession
of the ball swiftly.
You're so awesome.
Incredible.
This is Misugi's
last match ever.
And in spite of
his heart condition,
he plays giving his all.
He is challenging me
with everything he's got.
You chose me as
your last opponent,
and that's why...
I won't let you leave you
with regrets.
I won't disappoint you.
Captain! Be careful,
he's going to shoot!
[gasp]
Get closer, Tsubasa.
This time,
I'm going to stop you.
This is for you, Misugi!
[ann] Tsubasa kicks
a powerful shot
from outside
the goalkeeper's box.
[Genzo] Go in!
The water is giving the ball
more strength and velocity.
If the goalie's not ready,
-he won't catch the ball.
-[scream]
[ann] Ah! The goalkeeper
can't stop the shot.
Misugi throws himself and...
[whistle]
The prince himself
- couldn't stop it.
-[grunt]
- Wait, the referee
-Huh?
hasn't called the play.
Was it the goal,
or could it have been
the end of the match?
[panting]
[cheering]
[ann] And that's a goal,
ladies and gentlemen!
A goal that made it
by mere seconds!
- Team Nankatsu makes it
-Yeah!
to the finals just barely,
with a 5-4 score.
- It's truly a miracle.
-Yeah!
[ann]
Tsubasa never gave up,
and gives his team
the victory
with an spectacular
last minute play.
[Tsubasa]
We won the match...
Did we really win?
Well done, man!
You did it, Tsubasa.
[laughing]
[gasp]
[panting]
Captain!
[groaning]
Calm down, manager.
I'm doing fine.
[chuckles]
Misugi, are you--?
Tsubasa, I sincerely
congratulate you.
You beat me fair and square.
There's no doubt that...
you're the better player.
No, I don't think
that's true.
I'm really not.
Had it not been for
your heart condition...
I'm pretty sure you would've
stopped my last shot.
Team Musashi is
a very strong opponent.
That means a lot, Tsubasa.
But in the end,
you were better.
You're the better player.
I can retire without
any doubts.
What do you mean by that?
I was only allowed to play
a couple of minutes
every match.
And ever since I knew
I'd face you...
I had decided I would play
a whole match.
I don't care that I lost.
I'm truly happy leaving...
with having faced you
and knowing that
I played my best.
That's what means
the most to me.
I'm truly thankful, Tsubasa.
And you guys,
you're the best.
-Don't sweat it.
-It was our pleasure.
And you too, Yayoi.
I want to thank you too
for everything you've done.
Huh?
I'm pretty sure...
that without all of
your help...
I wouldn't have experienced
such a beautiful match.
Ah... Captain.
I owe you big time.
I'm in your debt.
And now, I'd like for you
to help me
as the manager of the team.
I need to get
all the way to the bench.
Yeah.
Of course...
[grunting]
Oh, my dear Misugi.
Oh darling,
we should be proud of him.
Jun is an excellent player.
Yes, he is.
[Jun]
Tsubasa Ozora.
Huh?
I decided I won't give up
on soccer just yet.
Mhm.
Even if I can only play
two minutes next time...
I'll step on the pitch
one more time for sure.
And some day...
I'll completely recover
from my heart condition.
I know you will.
[cheering]
[narr]
Team Nankatsu wins
by a 5-4 goal difference
against Team Musashi.
We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
Excuse me, captain,
today is the big day
isn't it?
The finals of
the national tournament.
Yeah. It's a pity that
I couldn't be in Japan
to see it.
You don't have to worry
about that, Captain.
You can see the match
from here
and cheer on Tsubasa.
We'll take care of the ship
meanwhile.
Somehow,
that doesn't feel right.
And why's that, sir?
I wish you good luck,
my son.
-Awww!
-[groaning]
He's taking
way too long.
Ugh, I wonder why he's
taking such a long time.
Huh?
-Look, guys!
-[honking]
He came!
It's about time.
[narr]
You go, Nankatsu!
It's incredible.
Sorry about being late.
You can come in now.
[Sanae] Sir, thank you for
taking the time to take us.
[driver]
It's no bother.
Either way,
it's on the way to my job.
Team Nankatsu is
very strong.
And that's because
you guys cheer them on
during the matches,
young miss.
That's because we have
our star player Tsubasa
with us, sir.
While we're on the subject,
Tsubasa...
He's your boyfriend,
right?
What?
My boyfriend?
Oh, come on.
What're you saying, sir?
[scream]
[driver] Hey, don't do that.
I'm driving, you know?
[Shiroyama] Kids, you did
a great job out there.
Thanks to all your efforts,
we finally got here.
We didn't even feel
the absence of Koji.
I'm sorry for complicating
your lives, guys.
Ryo, you covered
his position very well.
Thank you.
Ah, well, you know...
[laughs]
And while on the subject,
you did a great job
in today's match, Yuzo.
I'm sure that Genzo
is very proud of you.
[Yuzo]
Thank you.
Well, this time around,
Genzo will be the one
covering for you.
Is that okay?
Thanks, Yuzo.
Very well played.
That means a lot
coming from you.
I'm going to protect
Nankatsu's goal.
Team Meiwa won't
be able to score.
[chuckle]
And just remember,
if Genzo were to have
any problems with his foot,
you'll come back in
the game immediately, Yuzo.
Yes, sir.
You know I'll be prepared.
Great to hear.
Lastly, you, Tsubasa...
Yeah?
I'm congratulating you
for taking your team
to the finals.
I feel so proud of you.
All of you did an excellent
job on the pitch.
But now...
you have to put in
twice as much effort.
This is...
the last match
you'll ever get to play...
with the same jersey.
After this match,
Taro will be moving
to another school.
And I also heard about...
you traveling to Brazil
if we win the finals.
Right, Tsubasa?
Yeah.
Listen to me well.
I want you to
give it your all
when you're out there.
I don't want any of you
to leave with regrets.
You got that?
-Yeah!
[ann] We're now in
the finals of
the national tournament.
Team Nankatsu has
risen from the ashes
to face off once more
against Team Meiwa.
This is the moment
of truth
we've been all
waiting for.
This year's teams
have demonstrated
- their great strength.
-I'm sure that
- And for the first time,
-Meiwa's gonna win!
the stadium
is completely packed.
[ann] And here comes
team Nankatsu,
running into the field.
-Go Nankatsu!
-[cheering]
You can do it!
Kids you have to win
this match.
Win no matter what!
Look, our parents
are watching us.
That's my dad.
You can do it, son.
I closed the shop for today
to come and watch you.
No matter what you do,
don't you dare score
against your own team.
Oh, no, Mom.
Why'd you have to bring up
my auto goal?
That's embarrassing.
Please...
Huh?
[Taro] [gasp]
That's my dad.
This is your last match
with your teammates.
Play with your heart, Son.
My dad came to see me play.
I couldn't ask for more.
Huh?
Roberto and my mom.
You did it, kid.
You're in the finals.
[Tsubasa] I'll keep
my promise, Roberto.
I'll win and go with you
to Brazil.
[ann]
Team Nankatsu is doing
their warm up practice.
But this is weird...
Team Meiwa
isn't showing up.
They haven't stepped
onto the pitch.
[Tsubasa]
They're running late.
What happened?
Could it be...
that Hyuga's sick?
Huh?
[gasps]
Who kicked that ball?
[gasp]
[ann]
And there they are.
Team Meiwa makes
an appearance.
[Genzo]
You won't have it that easy
this time around,
Kojiro Hyuga.
[Tsubasa] Hyuga, I'm going
to challenge you again.
[Takeshi] Kojiro, we'll win
the tournament finals.
Yeah...
After what he said,
we can't possibly
be defeated.
Coach, please tell us
how is Kojiro doing?
Will the captain be okay
for tomorrow?
Don't you worry about it,
guys.
Lower your voices.
Kojiro is still sleeping.
He's recovering.
What?
Sleep--?
What'll happen with
the finals match now?
Doctor, excuse me.
Do you have any news?
Well it looks like the fever
has gone down a bit.
But I don't know if letting
him play would be--
-[Kojiro] Stop kidding
-Huh?
- around, would you, Doc?
-[gasp]
Captain!
Captain Kojiro.
My body is completely
healed now, doctor.
You don't have to worry
about me one bit.
Did you really think
a small fever
would stop the tiger?
But Kojiro...
You really are feeling
better now, my boy?
I feel as good as new.
And all thanks to you, guys.
You did a great job, team.
-Huh?
Before, I thought...
that relying on teamwork
was just for the weak.
But in the last couple
of matches...
I realized that I can't
win every match by myself.
-Uh...
In fact, had it not been
for you, Ken,
we would've surely
lost our last match.
If we've gotten this far,
it's because of your help
and unconditional support.
Now I know that you all
have my back.
You're an exceptional team.
A team that I can truly
count on.
Captain Kojiro.
I want us to play
this match together
so we can win.
Can I count on
every single one of you
to do that?
-Of course! Yes, Captain!
We can do it.
This is the first time
that Kojiro recognizes us
as his teammates.
So now
all we have to do is...
win this match together
for the captain.
[Mr. Kira]
It looks like Kojiro...
only needed a bit of rest
to recover.
The tiger has finally
awakened.
- He's matured
-[roar]
and recovered his strength.
Go and win the finals
with your team.
[Kojiro]
I will win this tournament.
Yeah! We'll go to the match
and cheer on our brother!
-Yeah!
Don't forget to cover up,
children.
I'm sure that it'll be hot.
And remember to bring
all of your water bottles.
-Yeah!
I will give them
a better life.
I will win this tournament
and we'll be crowned
the champions.
Here we come, Nankatsu.
Who would've thought that
they would both
face each other again?
Yes...
However, this time will be
the last.
Let's see who'll
come out on top.
Okay.
And now, let's show off
Team Meiwa's true power.
We'll win and we'll take
the trophy back home.
-Yes, Captain!
Listen up, guys.
This is the very last match.
Let's pour our hearts
on the pitch.
And above all things...
let's show them
who we really are, team.
-Yeah!
It's the last match.
You gotta give it
everything you've got!
Yeah, Nankatsu.
You have to win for
all of us, you hear me?
-Yeah!
[ann]
Ladies and gentlemen,
the irony of soccer
will have us know that
the tournament will end
just like it begun.
In their first encounter,
Team Meiwa
defeated Nankatsu.
And now,
Nankatsu seeks revenge.
This time around,
however,
we'll be counting with
the presence of
star goalie,
Genzo Wakabayashi,
who is going to defend
Nankatsu's goal.
Team Meiwa will have to
think twice
before shooting into
their opponent's goal.
On the other hand,
since the match with
Team Furano,
Meiwa now counts with
Ken Wakashimazu,
a mysterious goalkeeper
with abilities similar to
that of Genzo Wakabayashi's.
Seems like the odds
are even.
[Mr. Kira]
I'm counting on you, Ken.
[ann] This is the finals
of the national tournament,
and only one team
will declare themselves
the champion.
Let's see who it'll be.
-[grunt]
-[ann] We'll have
forty minutes of
the most beautiful
sport in the world.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Let the match begin!